feat(curriculum): add football player card tsx project (#67076)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-football-player-card-builder/69e8b295388ebbd517692bb6.md

---
id: 69e8b295388ebbd517692bb6
title: Step 7
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

> Below the `card-rating` div, add a `div` with class name `card-position` and the text `ST`, standing for striker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the `card-rating` element, add a `div` with the `className` of `card-position` and the text `ST`, standing for striker.
```

# --hints--

> You should add a `div` with the class name `card-position` below the `.card-rating` div.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add a `div` with the `className` of `card-position` below the `.card-rating` element.
```
